# ARInside

ARInside started as a private project for a Remedy developer but quickly became a staple of the Remedy community at large. It was eventually open sourced and contributed by many people, but those contributors have fallen off and it’s no longer maintained. With that being said, it’s still the best free method available to document your AR System.

I needed to recompile it to change some of the generated HTML to accommodate accessibility requirements in our organization, so I spent a day getting it to compile. I figured others could benefit.

The initial commit in this repository was the last known code when arinside.org was still active. The changes I've made are:

- Update the project files to Visual Studio 2019. That means you will need to install the [Visual C++ 2019 redistributable](https://support.microsoft.com/en-ca/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads) to run this on a non-development machine.
- Included dependent libaries AR System API and zlib and changed the location where the project file was looking for them.
- Used AR System API 8.1.2 instead of 8.1.0. It worked, so why not?
- Created a static `FileSystemUtilTest.h`. According to the instructions in `FileSystemUtilTest.h.in`, it would normally be auto-generated by CMake.
- Created a static `svnrev.h` file. This would normally get auto-generated if it was checked out via SVN. The revision number gets put at the end of the version number (e.g. 3.1.2.663).

The stylesheet, javascript and images are stored in `arires.tgz`, which contains a single `img` folder. This contains all the files in the [`res`](src/res) folder and a few images from the jQuery [`images`](src/thirdparty/jquery/images) folder. This archive is extracted directly to the output folder. This archive is not generated during the build (yet?).
